Fix contradictory explanation (#2)
cabify/frontend-shopping-cart-challenge: README.md

And we are offering users these discounts:
 * 2-for-1 promotions: buy two of the same product, get one free, applied to `CAP` items.

>  * bulk discounts: buying 3 or more of `TSHIRT` product, the price of that product is reduced 5%. P.eg. if you buy 3 or more `TSHIRT` items, the price per unit should be 19.00€.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * bulk discounts: buying 3 or more of `TSHIRT` product, the price of that product is reduced 5%. E.g., if you buy 3 or more `TSHIRT` items, the price per unit should be 19.00€.
```

Our top UI engineer has already made an initial implementation of the store with vanilla html and css, but it lacks the implementation.

**Using the framework/library of your choice you have to:**
- Implement the cart logic with the following **requisites**:
  - Have a Checkout class, that **can** be instantiated with products and discounts available.

>   - Allow adding products to the checkout with the `scan` method, passing the product ID as `string` in his first argument it will return a self Checkout instance.

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't be as explicit as telling the `scan` should return an instance, this is an implementation detail, I'd just say methods should be chainable in another bullet.

Author: Already changed 👍
